All right,
let's move on to splash screens.
So a splash screen is basically the screen
that we show to users while the app is
getting loaded.
So this can either be a full page image or
an image with a background.
So on Xcode Let's open Xcode and
then go to launch screen.
Okay, so
this is our current launch screen.
And you can see on the left the tree
view of what we're rendering.
So all we want is we want to render
an image at the center with just a blue
background.
So if we go to our images,
where we had our app icon and
then hit on the plus to
create a new image sets.
You'll see that this creates an image set
and it's expecting three images from us.
So similarly to when we
added images with our app.
So let's just call this splash.
And let's use the same
butterflies from before, so
I need to download each of them.
So save, save and oops,
go we have this one.
The save these in my
downloads directory and
open under studio.
Open this flash image.
Open my downloads and, then just drag and
drop the correct file 2x goes to 2x,
3x goes to 3x.
Now in our launch screen.
We get rid of this text and
we tracker and powered by react native.
And instead we hit on the plus.
And then we search for image.
And we drag the image view
in a central application.
And here on the right we can
choose which image you want so
here our splash image is showing up So
now we want to make sure that our
image is right in the center so
we can make this a bit
bigger who wanted to.
There we go and then make sure the lines
will guide you to make sure that
it's right in the center of your screen.
This works for me, and
now we go to this little triangle.
And this basically helps us
ensure that the image will be
centered regardless of the screen size.
So here, these little lines tell
you how it positions the image.
So right now, I think it's
using these sites to make sure
that these sites work on every device.
So instead, so click on these to make
sure that you instead
have this cross enabled.
So this basically ensures that,
this will be in the same position
regardless of device size but
always be centered.
So if we go to the View menu
which is this little bars and
then we go to the background.
So and then go to custom so,
this is a bit of frustration
because I can't find a way
to actually enter a xcode.
So, what I usually do is I use
the color picker, so here for
example we can see the color
available on our device actually.
Open this here can
use the picker and
pick the right color,
Cool, so now that this is done for
me to do is hit play to build it,